f-form-field@4.7.1 - Visual Tests (#1646)
justeat/fozzie-components: stories/standards/visual-regression-setup.stories.mdx

set PERCY_TOKEN_F_YOUR_COMPONENT_NAME_HERE=<paste your token here>
```

> Once you have added this, to allow your PR to run the visual tests on CI, you'll also need to add this line below to your component's `package.json` prefacing 'YOUR_COMPONENT_TYPE_HERE' with either `atom`, `molecules`, `organisms` or `pages`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have added this, to allow your PR to run the visual tests on CI, you'll also need to add this line below to your component's `package.json` replacing 'YOUR_COMPONENT_TYPE_HERE' with either `atoms`, `molecules`, `organisms` or `pages`.
```

> Once you have added this, to allow your PR to run the visual tests on CI, you'll also need to add this line below to your component's `package.json` replacing 'YOUR_COMPONENT_TYPE_HERE' with either `atom`, `molecules`, `organisms` or `pages`.

Reviewer: Sorry think you missed this bit too
```suggestion
Once you have added this, to allow your PR to run the visual tests on CI, you'll also need to add this line below to your component's `package.json` replacing 'YOUR_COMPONENT_TYPE_HERE' with either `atoms`, `molecules`, `organisms` or `pages`.
```
